Fix: Some clarifications and minor edits. (#835)
starknet-io/starknet-docs: contributing_to_docs/starknet_docs_style_guide.adoc

[#T]
=== T

==== transaction

> The default is to use the full word _transaction_ in normal prose.You can use _tx_ as an abbreviation for the word _transaction_ if you feel it improves readability.

Author: ```suggestion
The default is to use the full word _transaction_ in normal text. You can use _tx_ as an abbreviation for the word _transaction_ if it improves readability.
```
